Hello
Freak bitches.
Actors don't get a lot of that.
That's one of the reasons why the kind of shaky more shaky.
Yeah,
right.
Don't get a lot of like that testing it live in front of people.
That humility that comes with that
and,
and it's,
and it's tough.
I was talking to her act,
another actor and it's tough cause see I'm a comic who became an actor so I'm
cheating.
He,
I'm saying I can go do this and I can go,
I'm going to be in Saint Louis tomorrow,
you know,
some jokes so I can,
I gotta get,
I can get my thing off.
But just actors,
it's tough.
Once you figured out a way to balance three careers,
you can sing too.
I mean you could do anything.
You're a weird guy in that way.
You've got a lot of weird talent yourself.
It's talking about Justin Bieber and Chris Brown.
You've got some weird ability to shift to.
It's
not only him,
but I've been fortunate in the fact that now things have opened up.
Like,
you know,
back in the day like you could only do one thing.
One thing I will never forget Keenan Ivory Wayans told me,
he said,
Yo,
what's with the singing shit
yo you want a month?
Like I can't see you tried to sing and shit.
I would try to sing it and be like,
can you see them?
No,
it is real.
And grew up at Ou.
Jamie Stop Youtube funny in the face to face is too funny.
I see wine and singing to me it's funny.
So I was like fuck maybe I never seen,
you know.
So I was doing of course the stand up,
you know,
doing the one the shit.
And then it wasn't until literally,
um,
I was throwing these parties at my crib and I would always throw parties for
like musical guys,
you know.
So I threw a party for puff,
puff comms and big party.
It's like 2000 puffers there and it's all about him.
And I'll never forget,
he got mad at me a little bit because I would follow him and I would actually
follow him with a,
with a,
with a camera.
Because at the time,
at that time,
puff was the biggest guy in the world.
You know,
you couldn't even get in this party.
So the way I would getting this party,
I show up with a camera,
like your puff,
you need to document,
document the shit.
What's up playboy?
I said,
yeah,
let me get that man.
Ain't nobody getting this and I,
and it wasn't back in the day with the,
you know,
with the camera phone,
I had the big fucking cannon that you put it on your shoulder and the light and
the shit.
I said,
let me change the battery.
Let me get all this shit.
Right.
So at one point I told him,
we were actually in Philly and he was throwing a party and he said,
you'll play boy,
this party is a million and a half dollars.
I said,
like two for what?
I mean,
what are you saying?
He said,
it cost a million and a half dollars to throw this party.
I said,
puff,
Oh my God,
I love it.
The parties amazing.
Yes,
the mayor is here and everything.
I said,
but that's too much money.
you come to my place in La,
I'll throw your party for 400 bucks that will rival this party.
And he got a little mad because you know,
he was like,
Yo know I'm known for this shit.
Don't front.
I said,
and I'm not not I respect you.
but la,
I just know how to get around.
So he gets to La and he calls me early in the morning,
you'll play board,
make that shit happen.
It was a Saturday.
I said,
cool,
I'll go in on my phones and by 12 o'clock in my small house in Tarzana and God
bless my neighbors that live there,
I'm no longer there.
I,
they wanted me to get out of it cause I was too much.
But the parties fevered pitch and I invited the right people.
You know,
the right girls were beautiful but not too tight.
Not too,
you know,
just everything was great.
The guys wouldn't know haters.
They're,
you know,
La,
main fucking,
I'm fucking not wanting to it that it was the right guys.
And he shows up and when he shows up,
he goes,
that's the girl on that TV show.
Oh,
that's the girl in the movie.
I said,
yeah,
we're friends.
He's like,
we all hang out here.
So it's like,
you know,
it's all good and that's the girl.
I said,
yeah.
but look at the party.
I said,
look over there on the table.
I got Kentucky Fried Chicken,
but I put it in a nice plate.
I got Coca Cola,
but it's just in a picture.
I said,
we're at 280 bucks right now.
And counting,
I won't go for a hundred and he had the most incredible time,
right?
But at that party was all musical people.
And I did it for a reason at that party.
Missy Elliot,
of course,
she had her room.
Everybody's going crazy.
And missy Elliott.
I'm going into my garage and there's two guys,
a little guy like this and a tall guy.
The little guy goes,
Yo,
it's like this all the time,
be.
I said,
yeah,
who are you?
He says,
oh,
we didn't have to.
Oh,
my name is Farrell.
I said,
yeah,
man,
I heard of you.
That's how long ago this was.
Wow.
So he's like,
can I say,
just go on and have it,
have a great time.
Uh,
there was another guy standing on the wall,
green jacket,
like a green little jumpsuit.
Nobody's talking to him.
Guess who was who?
Jay Z.
Nobody knew.
I said,
what's up man?
He's just great.
So Snow Jz,
you know,
no one knows.
But,
and now the way I got into the music,
however,
is that all these different parties was going on and I would have like different
musical people leave me music in my little studio that I built.
I went and got this great studio built in the back of my house.
And so one day incomes as kid,
backpack on jaws busted.
Who is it?
Oh,
it was Kanye.
his.
John's buster from your car accident,
right.
Kanya and walks in.
And I said,
who's that?
They said all that said,
new mom.
Fuck Kanye man.
He bout to beat the shit.
I said,
what did he do?
Well,
he produces,
but he also wraps.
I said,
well,
anybody come to my house?
They got to perform.
So I said,
Yo man,
they say you,
you know,
you wrap it.
He wrapped the most incredible free.
I don't know if it was free,
it wasn't Carl.
I said,
I don't know why you aren't famous.
He did it with a broken jaw.
He had a little little jobs,
a little swollen.
I don't think it was broken,
but it was a little swollen cause it wasn't too long after that accident that he
had.
Right.
And then he goes,
ah,
I,
I got a song dat,
dat you or you'll be gut on.
Ah,
I got that song.
I know you could kill it.
I was like,
me song,
goofy face
from a limit.
He said,
yeah.
I said,
Oh shit.
Cool.
So we go in the back,
we're going to do,
I've got the studio in your bag.
So he sings,
he says,
the song's going to go.
She say she wants some Marvin Gaye,
some Luther Vandross.
So I said,
I got it.
She said she wants some,
Marvin ain't good.
He's like,
what are you doing?
I said,
well,
I've got to put the,
you know the arm be on it.
You know what I'm saying?
I'm a real singer,
you know,
I've been singing.
He says,
I don't do that.
Don't just sing the song because it's hip hop.
And I said,
okay,
cool.
So I begrudgingly sung the song.
I'm thinking songs whack.
He's not gonna make it.
So I went off,
I did a bad movie.
I'll come back about six weeks,
eight weeks later,
that song is number one.
My boy goes like,
you remember that song you said,
well shit is number one in the country.
And then that's how I got into the music.
So long story longer.
It's like,
yeah,
you can do all of the things and there's a lot of actors and actresses that can,
you just need those opportunities.
Just like in life when your,
when your opportunity comes,
if you prepare for it now you get jumped into it and grab it.
And what I was told was by my Guy Brianne,
who does all of my music,
he founds slow jams.
He found a gold digger,
he found,
blame it on the alcohol.
He says,
you gotta Stop Singing Funny Shit and sing a real record.
And once you sing the real record and not say it's you singing it,
now you got a better goal.
So now after all of those years,
the people that grew up with me,
what doing,
stand up or watch a cut date,
they're older.
And at a young folks,
it's like
you'd Kanye man,
just like how,
you know the guys now going to Microsoft.
So,
so as I get older,
you hope that you're blessed with opportunities and you know,
the old saying,
but there is sort of reinvent or reintroduce yourself to people who may not know
who you are.
[inaudible].